[Docs] Update test_result_submission, useful_hooks, finetuning_models (#8686)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: docs/en/user_guides/finetune.md

## Modify dataset

> The users may also need to prepare the dataset and write the configs about dataset, see [Customize Datasets](../advanced_guides/customize_dataset.md). MMDetection V2.0 already support VOC, WIDER FACE, COCO and Cityscapes Dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users may also need to prepare the dataset and write the configs about dataset, see [Customize Datasets](../advanced_guides/customize_dataset.md). MMDetection V3.0 already supports VOC, WIDER FACE, COCO, LVIS, OpenImages, DeepFashion, WIDERFace, and Cityscapes Dataset.
```
